# PRG310Wk3Assignment

PRG310Wk1Assignment
In this assignment, you will be building a 401k Future Value Calculator. This Calculator will determine the future value of a 401K investment portfolio. You start by selecting a monthly investment amount from the drop down list. Then the user will enter in the annual interest rate and number of years. Once that is done you click on the calculate button and your future value will show so long as the data is valid. If the data is not valid then error messages will show. If you made a mistake then you can click on the Clear button to remove what was entered.
All processing for the calculator and clear buttons will be done on the server. So when you click on the calculate button, the form is submitted to the server where the C# side of the code will process the data in the form. and the form is then returned to the browser. Clicking either button will result in a round trip to the server and back to the browser.
For example, when you click on the calculate button, the C# code on the server calculates the future value, then the form is returned to the browser with the future value displayed. That is considered a round trip. Same thing with the cancel button. When you click on the clear button, the C# code on the server resets the value in the drop-down list to 50 and clears the text box and the Future Value label. Then the form is returned to the browser which is also considered a round trip.
Now in some cases, the form won't be submitted to the browser when the Calculate button is clicked. This will happen when JavaScript is enabled in the users browser and one or more entries are invalid. What happens then is the JavaScript code that has been generated from the validation controls runs in the browser, detects the invalid entries, and displays appropriate error messages without submitting the form to the server which will save a round trip.
Now what happens if JavaScript isn't enabled in the user's browser? The form then will be submitted to the server, and the server checks the entries for validity. It is also done by the code that is generated by the validation controls. For example, a round trip occurs each time the user clicks on the Calculate button when JavaScript is disabled in the browser. It's a good thing that JavaScript is enabled by default by most browsers.
Please open the Instructions file to get started. Also, please watch the class as all methods that are needed to complete this assignment have been shown there.
Good Luck!
